1. The ruby throated hummingbird's heart beats at a show-stopping 1220 bpm during flight. This is probably because it's wings beat 90 times a second!
Flap your wings for the next 30 secs and see if you can push your pulse up a measly 30 beats.

2. Utah 1939
A team of researchers took an EKG of a man about to be executed by a firing squad. They noted that the man's pulse rose from 71 to 180 bpm right before shots were fired. Afterwords his pulse dropped sharply.
 Do what you must to get ready for the firing squad. Then when the buzzer sounds make your hr "drop sharply." 30 beats should do it

3. Baseball players often swing weighted bats or multiple bats before they get up to bat. This exercise is designed to increase the blood flow to those muscles. Increased blood means increased heat, hence the term "warming up." Take a few practice swings over the next 30 seconds. Raise your pulse 20 beats.

4. Champion divers
Seals actually have muscles around each nostril that can close them shut. Because of the time they can go without breathing seals heart rate can plummet from 150 bpm to 10 bpm during a dive. This conserves oxygen and prolongs the chance for finding yummy goodness. Hold your breath for as long as you can during the next minute. Try to get your heart rate to drop 15 beats. 

5. Evil twins.
In your quest for world peace you have saved countries, fed children, cured disease. But now you face your greatest challenge, your EVIL TWIN. Mimicking you at every turn your duplicitous doppleganger(your opponent) is threatening to turn your own quest for world peace into one of their own, world domination. Locked in a match of deadly "simon says", your opponent must imitate your every move over the next 60 seconds. Whoever gives it more, whoever pushes their heart further shall be the victor. I don't need to tell you, the fate of the world hangs in the balance. But I told you anyway. So there.

6. Your opponent has been abducted by an alien... you! In the name of creepy alien science, probe your opponent however you see fit to see if you can excite that strange organ in their chest. You have 30 seconds, to get a 15 beat reaction

7. Shock the conscience
Following the events of WWII, Yale psychologist Stanley Milgram put together a series of experiments to understand "authority." He found that a disturbingly high number of people would shock their peers with deadly high voltages, as long as they were instructed to do so by an "authority figure" such as a doctor or scientist. By the authority vested in this card, we command you to use the electrodes on the end of your fingertips to shock your opponents heart rate up 20 beats in the next 30 seconds.

8. Teddy's Bear
There is a story that the inspiration for the first teddy bear was when President Theodore Roosevelt was on a hunt and refused to kill a bear . This is true, except for the small omission that Roosevelt had the bear put to death by his guide. He just wouldn't do it himself because it looked scared, and that was beneath him. You are one of millions of teddy bears produced each year... except you have been possessed by the tortured soul of that first terrified bear. Snuggle the fear into your opponent, smothering him with teddy bear hugs and kisses until his heart rate is 20 beats above baseline.

9. A three toed sloth and a rabbit are approximately the same size. However, a sloth has a hr of 81 beats per minute while a rabbit has a pulse of 250. The choice is up to you. Mimic either a sloth by hanging on a wall or a rabbit by bounding around the room(hint, hint). Raise your pulse 20 beats in 15 seconds, that's all we ask.

10. Atomic Bombs are funny.
The scientists working on the Manhattan project measured the time it took for fission to occur in "shakes of a lamb's tail." A "shake of a lamb's tail" is equal to one ten-millionth of a second. Atomic fission took three. Try shaking your little lambs tail that fast. You may have to if you want to raise your heart rate the 20 beats required. You have 30 seconds. Begin!

11. Unearth This bone
The brachiosaurus is the largest creature of all time. It's heart was the size of a pickup truck - and it loved romantic comedies. Top that! No, really, top that. Do whatever you must. Raise your heart rate 30 beats in the next 20 seconds.

12. You Go, Pogo
When the pogo stick came out in the 1920's, it was the coolest thing around. People exchanged wedding vows on them, troupes choreographed dance numbers on them, and doctors recommended them as a great way to stay in shape. Your pogo stick is imaginary. It might not bounce as high, but you'll look just as cool. Use it to raise your heart rate 20 beats in 30 seconds. The embarrassment should help.

13. A Mite gross
The most populous animal in the human habitat is the dust mite. Up to 10 million of these creepy crawlers live in the average human bed, feasting on a buffet of dead skin cells, food crumbs, hair, fish food, and whatever other little tidbits you didn't think were that big of a deal. Look at your opponent. Imagine them sleeping in a trough of 10 million bugs. Aren't they kind of gross now. Clean them off, raise their heart rate 15 beats in 30 secs, and for Pete's sake wash your sheets.





14. The best medicine.
The average person laughs 13 times a day! Due to the enormous amount laughter benefits health, many physicians agree this is not nearly enough. Do a good thing. Get your opponent's heart rate up. Get rid of that stress toxin. Make them laugh. If you can't get a laugh, at least raise their heart rate 20 beats in 45 secs. No Touching!

15. Lame!
This card was turning out kind of lame, so we just decided to make you that way. Without moving your legs raise your pulse 20 beats in 30 secs. That'll teach you to judge what we do.

16. Lie detector
Ask your opponent a series of questions. They may only respond with lies. be crafty, get your opponent to expose themselves by a 10 beat spike in heart rate. 30 Seconds should be enough.

17. Wiggle It
A 1925 California law made it illegal to wiggle while dancing. We were able to smuggle all of that wiggle to you, via this card. Go crazy, no one's watching. Take the next 45 secs and wiggle your way up to 20 beats above baseline.

18. That's Nuts
It is estimated that millions of trees in the world are accidentally planted by squirrels who bury nuts for the winter and then forget where they hid them. You must bound around the room burying nuts for the next 30 seconds. If you can raise you pulse 30 beats you win.

19. Among Ben Franklin's twelve virtues was self reliance. Stop mooching off of us. Come up with an idea on your own to drop your heart beat 10 beats in the next 45 seconds. We're taking this card off.

20. Sell! Sell! Sell!
You are a salesman. Take look at this card. Great text, nice rectangular design, plenty of leg-room. A steal at any price. All you have to do is sell! Judge your opponents desire by how much you raise their pulse. If your silver tongue can wrangle 10 beats in the next 30 seconds it's a deal!

21. The Soothing Sound of Silence...
Center yourself on a great soft sea of rest. Allow your mind to escape. Your pulse will slip away like sands in the hourglass. 10 beats in 45 seconds. Deeper and deeper, way way down...

22. High Noon
Hello, cowpokes! It's high noon in the wild west, and I reckon there's gonna be a killin'. Steel yourselves for this duel. Once your pulses are taken, stand up back to back, walk five paces, turn around, and die. Whomever's pulse raises the most due to their fine acting is the victor.

23. CHIMPS IN SPACE!!!
The first astronauts were trained chimpanzees. They would perform simple tasks while their vital signs were monitored in order to pave the way for safe "manned" space travel. It's your turn now, pint sized hero! Act like a chimp in zero gravity. Raise your pulse 20 beats in the next 30 seconds. Democracy depends on you!

24. Good Cop/ Bad Cop
Due to recent budget cuts, the precinct can no longer afford two cops per interrogation. However, thanks to your very own severe case of multiple personality disorder it's your time to shine. Convince your opponent you're on their side and that you'll beat the living tar out of them if they don't tell you what you want to know. What do you want to know? Don't ask us. You're the crazy one. Just get results - 10 beats in 30 seconds.

25. Reporter Extreme
You are Crazy Frankie, "TV's Newstime Daredevil." You've bathed in polluted rivers, been run over by cars, and drunk the stuff under the sink, just to show the viewers at home what really happens. Now, thanks to the local law enforcement authorities you are  prepared to be shot by a taser. Make it real for your loyal audience. Spaz your pulse up 20 beats in the next 30 seconds.

26. Chess Boxing
Since 2003 the WCBO, World Chess Boxing Organization, has been organizing public matches where contenders compete in rounds of boxing followed by a few minutes of chess. You can win by knockout or checkmate. Take a few moments before getting a baseline on the monitor to get your pulse rocking with some shadow boxing. Then sit down, take a baseline, and try to get calm down for chess. Down 20 beats in 45 seconds should do the trick.

27. Super Diva
You are the greatest diva of all time: Whitney Houston, Celine Dion, and Mariah Carey all rolled into one. You have dazzled audiences for years with your quivering, self-aggrandizing hits. You are unveiling your newest chart-topper, "I Am So Great." Leap through octaves, smash high notes, drift into soft soulful crooning. Using the words, "I am so great," rock the audience to a tune of 10 beats in the next 30 seconds.

28. Fluffy Kitty
It has been clinically proven that petting a cat can lower your blood pressure and your heart rate. Pet your opponents head while they purr. If you can drop your pulse 10 beats in 30 secs you win.

29. A Tail Tale
There is a reason why squirrels constantly wag their tails. They are increasing the blood flow to and therefore the heat of their tushies, This confuses heat-sensing predators like pit vipers and can be difference between life and death. Shake your tail for the next 30 seconds. Increase you pulse 20 beats and outwit your opponent.

30. Rock the House Down!
Rock music has been know to excite and increase the productivity of a wild variety of creatures. Scientists have even found that rock music doubles the speed termites chew through wood. Rock out over the next 30 secs and increase your opponent's pulse a splintering 10 beats.

31. Color Me Calm
Green has been found to be the most calming color in the spectrum. A light shade is commonly used in prisons, psychiatric wards, and tiny New York apartments in order to keep inmates calm. Stare at the color on this card. Over the next 45 second let it help you drop your pulse 10 beats.

32. TyrannoDorkus-Rex
We've always though that the dinky two fingered arms on a Tyrannosaurus are more laughable than scary. Prove us wrong by terrifying your opponent with your hilariously dilapidated arms. 10 beats in 20 seconds should do it.

33. Shiver Me Timbers
You are the ghost of Redbeard, deadly pirate, eater of whole jalepenos, scourge of the seven seas. One of your hands is a deadly hook and the other is a wisecracking parrot. Terrify your opponent into giving you 10 extra beats in the next 30 seconds.

34. I'm Just Big Boned
Mahouts or elephant drivers are considered to have a sacred duty in their culture. They may choose from three paths by which to train their mammoth steeds: Reghawan or love, Yukthiman or ingenuity, or Balwan or cruelty. You must subvert your opponent's will to your own. Will you be kind, cruel, or crafty? The choice is yours. You have 30 seconds to claim your 10 beats.

35. ...Or are you just happy to see me?
Ferret legging is an outlawed yet widely practiced pub sport in Yorkshire, UK. Contestants show up in white trowsers(to show the blood better), tie the legs, shove a pair of startled ferrets in their pants, and just see how long they can take it. The current record is held by a 72 year old retired miner at a time of just over 5 hours. Ouch! Lucky for you your ferrets are imaginary and all you have to do is increase your pulse 20 beats in 30 seconds.

36. Invent This
Leonardo DaVinci created the first known plans of a flying machine ever. In his notebooks, next to the drawings of a machine gun and a tank, is the sketch of a helicopter. It's time for you to invent your own helicopter. Spread your arms wide, clear the area around you, and spin for the next 30 seconds. Try to raise your pulse 20 beats. Who knows, you might even feel like you're flying.

37. Break-a-Leg
Stage actors are a superstitious bunch. They have believed for the longest time that if you wish someone luck before a performance something horrible will befall them. That's why they started telling each other the worst things they could think of including "break a leg." So do it, literally. And with only one good leg, give the performance of your life. 20 beats in 30 seconds.

38. Quicksilver
Hermes or Mercury after which the planet that races around the sun the quickest is named was the ancient Greek/Roman god of messengers. With his winged shoes he could deliver a message anywhere anytime and he didn't even charge postage. Race around the room for the next 20 seconds and deliver us 20 beats.

39. That Boy Has Heart
When an autopsy was done on Secretariat, the greatest racehorse of all time, it was found that his heart was literally more than twice the normal size. This enabled him to bring so much more oxygen to his muscles than his competitors that in retrospect his domination is no surprise. Show some heart and gallop around the room for the nex 45 seconds. Raise your pulse 20 beats.

40. Phrenologist
Phrenology is a now defunct pseudoscience that studies of the size and shape of the head in order to determine intelligence and personality. Feel every bump of your opponent's head and describe to them what the different landmarks say about them. If you can get their heart to raise 10 beats in 20 seconds, consider your predictions accurate.

41. Many great apes such as gorillas form strong emotional bonds through grooming rituals.  By cleaning one another these giant primates establish familial closeness, display rank within a community, and keep each other clean. Form a close bond with your opponent by picking through their hair for fleas, ticks, and insects. Make them display there love by increasing their heartbeat 10 beats in the next 30 seconds.

42. Evil Shaman
You are an evil shaman from the dankest darkest depths of somewhere dreadfully scary. Coax the heart out of your victim with your "five fingered fist of fate." By shouting incantations at your opponent and drumming on their chest make their heartbeat raise 10 beats in the next 30 seconds and leap from their chest to your hand.

43. Busy as a Bee
When beehives become overpopulated they chose a new home by a very democratic process. About half the hive will leave together and wait in a tree. They will send out scouts in order to find a new site for a hive. Whichever scout does the most convincing dance and attracts the most other bees wins the competition. They pick where the new hive will be built. Do a little dance, make a little buzz, and convince your opponent that you have the best hive spot of all. If their heart rate increases 10 beats in 30 seconds they are convinced.

44. On Guard
In this quintessential duel you and your opponent must chose your weapon. Using whatever sword you wish you will be locked mortal combat for the next 45 seconds. Whoever is the more spirited fighter and raises their pulse the most will bee declared the victor!

45. Ski, ski. Bang, bang
The biathlon  is a difficult sport. Competitors must cross country ski for quite a distance and then, without rest, practice their marksmanship. Championship competitors are so tuned into their heart that they literally wait until right in between beats to make a shot with maximum accuracy. Ski around the room for a while before you sit down to take your baseline. Then drop your heart rate 20 beats in 30 seconds. If you can hit that target consider yourself a pulse sharpshooter.

46. We're Losing Him
Your opponent has flatlined, and only one chance remains! You have the defibrillator paddles and must shock their ailing heart back to life. Do whatever you can to get their heart rate to rise 10 beats. They only have 30 seconds left!

47. Eye of the Tiger
If boxing movies have taught us anything it's that we can beat anyone, no matter how much bigger or more skilled they are, as long as we have heart. Prepare like you never have before. Jumprope, jog in place, shadowbox. Just dig deep down to that place heartbeats come from and give us 20 extra in the next 30 seconds.

48.In the famous dogfights of WWI 90 percent of the kills are now attributed to less that 5 percent of the pilots. These aces were roundly characterized by aggressiveness and a lack of hesitation. You and your opponent are WWI aces, scourge's of the skies. You must swoop around the room firing at each other. At the end of your duel, whoever shows the greatest aggressiveness by producing the highest heartbeat is the victor.

49. Opposing Opposables
You have declared war... on your opponent's thumb! You and your opponent must keep your fingers on the pulse monitors. With your free hands lock into a mortal battle of thumb versus thumb. Whoever is pinned or has their heartbeat go above 10 beats first loses.

50. Ribbitt
Welcome to the first ever game of competitive leapfrog! You and your opponent must take turns leaping over one another over the next 30 seconds. Whichever leaper leads with the largest amount of heartbeats wins.

51.Bring In the Mimes
You and your opponent must sit across from each other with your fingers in the pulse monitors. You cannot make any noise. You must communicate to each other only in body language and hand gestures. Whoever can force their opponent's pulse to increase 10 beats the fastest is the victor. Give yourself a round of muted appplause.

52. Rubber Face
First there was The Stooges, Jerry Lewis, Jim Carrey, and now either you or your opponent are the new rubber-faced comic du jour. Keep your hands on the pulse monitor and make the wildest faces you can. You may use your free hand to assist in your contortions. Whoever can get the other comic's pulse to raise 10 beats above baseline first wins the title of "craziest face making comic," and this card.

53. Monkey See
Study each other for a few moments. Does your opponent look a bit like a giraffe? Maybe a frog or a weasel? Pick any animals, great or small, and take turns describing how your opponent looks like that animal. Start with the competitor who drew the card and take turns(one sentence = one turn). Whoever can raise their opponent's heart rate 10 beats fastest wins.

54. Hand Puppets
You and your opponent must place your hands in your respective pulse monitors. With your free hand take turns making hand puppets. You may talk in their voice, describe them, or do anything else that makes them more real. You are limited to one scene at a time. Keep going back and forth until on of you has a pulse spike of 10 beats above baseline. Whoever caused that reaction is the victor.

55. A Crazy Couple of Couplings
You and your opponent are now engaged in a rhyme off. You must take turns speaking to each other in pairs of rhyming sentences called couplings. For example: "You are so nice. You're like sugar and spice." Whoever can get the other person's heart rate fluttering 10 beats above baseline first wins.

56. Once Upon a Story Time
You and your opponent are working together on the great American novel. The problem: Who's name goes first on the cover? Use this exercise to decide. Starting with that age old phrase, "Once upon a time," take turns telling your story. Whoever drew this card will begin. The first person to be unable to continue the story or to be unable to keep their puls under control loses.

57. Staring Contest
This contest is pretty simple. Stare into each other's eyes. Do whatever you'd like as long as you stay connected to the pulse monitor and maintain eye contact. Whoever can keep their eyes open and their pulse down the longest is the victor. If you blink or your heart rate jumps, better luck next time.

58. Tickle Monster
The tickle monster is real, and according to this card he is you! Over the next 15 seconds you may tickle your opponent with reckless abandon. If they say stop or if their pulse raises 10 beats you win.

59.
Use the card in your hand like a feather. Rub it ever so gently across you opponent in order to raise their pulse. Coax out 10 beats in the next 20 seconds and win.

60. Statue of Liberty
Believe it or not we're holding tryouts for the new statue of liberty. The problem is that we need her in a new pose. You and your opponent must keep one hand on the pulse meter while holding the other arm out parallel to the ground. Whoever can keep their poise and their pulse constant is the victor.

61. Quickdraw
The famous gunfights of the old west were not won by strength but rather by speed and accuracy. Keep both your hands on the pulse monitor. Whoever drew this card must then extend their free hand. Their opponent must try to slap this hand before it is withdrawn. Continue until one player misses or someone's pulse increases 10 beats. We'll see who has the quickest hands in the west.

62. Wave the Red Flag
Whoever drew this card is the famous matador, Enrique del Muerte. You opponent is the infamous bull, Diablo. Take your pulses. Then let the match begin. You must wave your red flag while your opponent charges you. Whoever puts more into this fight and can raise their pulse more by the end of the allotted time is the victor!!

63. I Spy a Gopher
In order to greet one another prairie dogs snuggle up to each other and touch noses. If either prairie dog smells funny to the other or becomes nervous they both run away. If not they cuddle up together and groom one another. A rouge prairie dog has infiltrated your burrow. Touch your nose to your opponent's and then sniff and inspect them over the next 30 seconds. Try to get their pulse to raise 10 beats and show themselves.

64. ESP
The idea of extra sensory perception has long been debated by scientists. Although full-fledged psychic powers probably do not exist, most animals to have the uncanny ability to feel things that are right next to with them but with which they have no direct contact. Put your fingers as close as you want to your opponent without touching them. Do whatever you want for the next 30 seconds. If you can raise their heart rate 10 beats maybe the two of you have a psychic link. Even if you don't, you still get the card.

65. Say What?
Scientists have finally discovered a species other than humans that uses basic sentences. This African monkey has one distinct sound for ground predators and one distinct sound for birds of prey. If they combine the two sounds together it means, "I don't like this place. Let's leave." Communicate with your opponent by only using rudimentary noises. Ask them to raise their pulse 10 beats in the next 30 seconds.

66. Twiddle Me This
Let's get ready to twiddle! You and your opponent must take your baseline pulse. Then remain seated and twiddle your thumbs furiously. Whoever gives it more, whoever twiddles more furiously and has the pulse to prove it is the winner.

67. Rudyard vs. Kipling
One of the most popular and famous pastimes in India and the surrounding region is gambling on a death-match between a cobra and a mongoose. Surprisingly, despite the cobra's fangs and venom it is considered a slight underdog. The mongoose simply has so much speed and agility that the cobra is generally outmatched. You are the cobra facing down your opponent, a fearsome mongoose. Spar for the next 30 seconds. Whoever can raise their pulse more is the victor.

68. Lowering the Bar
We went through all the exercises we thought you could actually do safely and congratulations, you guys are stuck with competitive jumping jacks. Take your pulses and then over the next 30 seconds burn your way through the most competitive set of jumping jacks you've ever known. If you raise your pulse the most, you win!

69. Dance Party USA
"Mojo" is the innate ability to groove, to chill, to exude cool. Take your baseline pulses. Then have a groove off. Whoever dances their heart out the most and their pulse up the highest wins.

70. Player 1 and Player 2 Sitting in a Tree...
Starting with the player who drew this card, take turns giving each other complements. Whoever can get a rise(10 beats to be exact) out of their opponent first is the winner.

71. There Once Was a Limerick from...
A limerick is an old simple poem that most people have heard in one form or another. An example is: "There once was a lady from Maine, whom everyone said was a pain. Whether she was on the phone or at a friends home they all found her presence a strain." Before you start the timer take a few moments to come up with a limerick of your own. Then tell it to your opponent and try to get a rise out of them. 10 beats.

72. Alphabet Jungle
It's duel time again. You and your opponent must take turns naming animals which start with the letters of the alphabet. Whoever drew this card will lead off with A. Then your opponent will do B, you will do C, and so on. Whoever cannot name an animal before their opponent counts to ten or has their pulse increase ten beats is the loser.

73. Crunch Time
Alright you two, take your baselines. Then get on your backs and show me some ab-itude. Do as many crunches as you want, however you like. Lucky for you this is not a contest of strength or skill. It's all about having the bigger pulse at the end.

74. Riddle of the Sphinx
The famous riddle of the sphinx is as follows: "What walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon, and three legs in the afternoon." The answer: man. Take the next 30 seconds to act out the stages of life, from baby to adult to elderly person with a cane. Raise your pulse 15 beats.

Hula Contest
Hawaiians have been dancing the hula as a ritual to pay homage to the ancient goddess Laka for hundreds of years. Take your baselines. Feel that island rhythm pulse through you. Release the spirit of your hips and replicate the motion of the ocean. Whoever raises their pulse more is the winner.  

76. Envision This
In a famous experiment conducted at Harvard University test subjects were separated into two groups. One group practiced free throws all day. The other group imagined themselves making free throws. The next day both groups collected in the gym, and to everyone's surprise the group who used their imagination performed far better than those who practiced. This time, instead of physically doing something to raise your pulse, over the next 45 seconds imagine yourself performing an activity that will increase your pulse 10 beats. Let's see how smart this Harvard place really is.

77. Hot Coals
Many tribes use the feat of walking over hot coals as a rite of passage for their young warriors. Stepping on fiery coals putting off hundreds of degrees of heat is not for the faint of heart. You must internalize your pain completely and not wince even once or you will not pass the test. The floor of the room is covered in hot coals. Walk around the room for the next 30 seconds. Internalize your pain and let it boost your heart rate 15 beats.

78. Killer Bees
To most people a single bee sting is an annoyance but little else. The problem with "africanized honey bees," commonly called killer bees, is that they don't sting just once. They will swarm and follow a victim for great distances repeatedly stinging them until so much toxin builds up in the victim that many times they die of anaphylactic shock. You and your opponent have run into one of the first swarms of "africanized honey bees" in the United States. You must first take your baselines and then do your best to pick the bees off you. Whichever competitor raises their pulse more has pulled more bees of of them and survives to win this card.

79. Swim English Channel
Training to swim the English channel is a difficult and complex task. You not only have to be able to swim a tremendous distance, but perhaps more daunting, you must brave ice cold water the entire way. It is important to keep your heartbeat up in these conditions as otherwise you risk hypothermia and drowning. Challenge your opponent to a swim around the room. Whoever can boost their heart rate more over baseline wins. 

80.Fallout
By testing the soil around the failed nuclear site, Chernobyl, scientists have found earthworms many times the size of any normal specimen. You are one of these great worms but you'd rather not spend your future as a specimen(dead in a jar). Lay on the ground and flop so ferociously over the next 30 seconds that you scare those meddling scientists away. By the way, we've found that 20 beats over baseline is the magic number for causing fear in scientists.

Go Rat! Go!
Many times the day to day drudgery encountered in life is referred to collectively as the "rat race." This is because in most large rat colonies the furry vermin move constantly, walking over each other and knocking over each other, yet they travel nowhere and accomplish nothing. But we still respect their effort. You and your opponent are rats. Take your baseline and race around this room. In this contest success isn't measured with a finish line but rather in effort. Whoever pushes their pulse further wins.

82. Put Him on Ice
Physicians have found that extremely low, sometimes even hypothermic body temperature keeps victims of catastrophic injury alive longer. This state is thought by many scientists to closely resemble hibernation. The low body heat lows down cellular activity, breathing, and pulse and therefore takes longer for cell death to occur. Your plane has crashed into the Arctic Ocean. Your only hope is to lower your pulse enough to give the Coast Guard time to save you. Calm your shivering body 10 beats below baseline.

83.Reactor Down!
You are a scientist at the international biomedical company "Evil Corporation Inc." Their reactor has gone bad and has spread zombie dust over the whole facility! Your opponent is infected and must chase you like a zombie around the room. You must run away from your opponent. If your pulse goes more above baseline then you are immune to the virus. If your opponent wins this pulse duel they feast on your brains!!

84.Terror of the Deep
For being prehistoric animals sharks are surprisingly adapted to their role as predator. They are even equipped with the ability to sense the heartbeats of other animals in the ocean. You and your fellow surfer/opponent have drifted into a group of vicious sharks. Cling to your pulse monitors for dear life. Tread water with your free hand. Whichever one of you has a their pulse increase 10 beats above baseline first will be eaten.

85.Big Fat Insomniacs.
Orka's never sleep. They just shut down most of the areas of the brain and lower their heart rate. After they spend a few hours in this state they awake, refreshed and ready to turn seals into rock sausages once again. You are a killer whale and you've had a hard day. Take the next thirty seconds to shut down a few areas of your brain and lower you heart hate ten beats.

86.I Need My Beauty Rest
Cats are nature's champion sleepers. The average house cat can easily clock 18 hours of sleep in a day. That's even more than some teenagers. However, contrary to popular belief cats are not lazy. They must rest for such long periods of time in order to conserve energy for hunting and to aid in the digestion of large servings of meat. For this next card live the life of a cat. Take your pulse, yawn, and feel better than everyone else. If you can drop your pulse 10 beats in the next 45 seconds your feelings are justified.

Miguel Indurain
The lowest pulse rate ever recorded for a human being is that of champion cyclist Miguel Indurain. At rest his pulse was a stunning 29 beats per minute! To put this in perspective, a typical adult in good shape has a resting pulse rate of 60. Take some time to cycle around the room. Then take your baseline, channel the spirit of Miguel Indurain, and drop your pulse 20 beats.

40,000 Leagues Out of Shouting Distance
You are a submarine captain sending a distress signal to a battleship in your fleet. Your morse code machine is broken so try this. Take your baseline, and then within the next 30 seconds send a signal of your heart rate 20 beats above that. Hopefully, they'll get the message.

89.Wake Me Up In Spring
Like many animals bears eat as much food as they can all year in order to build up enough fat to make it through the winter. But this layer of fat is not enough. During the winter bears enter a deep comatose stater known as hibernate. These beast's breathing rate, pulse, and body temperature plummet so low that the fat they have collected through the year lasts for months. Being the beast you are sometimes you must conserve your strength. Lower you pulse rate 10 beats in the next 45 seconds. Who knows maybe you'll need that energy next card.

90.Like Buddha
Buddha is a legendary character who is said to be the first human to reach enlightenment. He is shown in many different cultures in many different ways, but he despite these differences he is almost always shown cross legged with his hands outstretched, as if deep in meditation. Take your baseline and then mimic the great Buddha. While keeping your legs crossed do whatever you can to reach enlightenment, which in this case is precisely 20 heartbeats above baseline.

91.Grace under Fire
The most important thing in any competition is to win humbly and lose gracefully. It's time to learn how to use that. Both you and your opponent must take your pulse and then get down on your knees. Crawl around the room as quickly as you can. Whoever can increase their pulse the most in these humbling conditions is the winner.

Chose your own air instrument
You and your opponent are the leaders of the newest hottest band around. However, tension has been building between you two over who will be the front man. That's simple, whoever gives the fans more of what they want gets the limelight. And what the fans want is pulse. So choose your air instrument and play your heart out for the next 45 seconds. Whoever can raise their pulse more wins.

93.Riverboat King
You are an iconic diva, best known for her long legs, crazy wigs, and her famous rendition of a song about a riverboat named Mary. Turn those big wheels and give the crowd your best ever riverboat. Raise your heartbeat 15 beats in 30 seconds. Don't worry, we won't tell Ike.

94.When the bicycle was first invented it was flouted by most pundits of the day as an oddity, a fad that would soon go out of style. Obviously this was not the case. This efficient, environmentally friendly vehicle has been and continues to grow as an incredibly popular form of transportation and recreation. Do what's good for you and the planet. Take your pulse and then get on your back. Pedal your feet over the next 30 seconds and see just how much a brisk bike ride can increase your pulse. 20 beats earns you this card.

95.Forcefield
You must increase your opponent's heart rate 10 beats in the next 30 seconds. The problem is that they are surrounded by a forcefield. You can do anything but touch them. Get us those beats!

Jack vs. Jill
Alright players, you are Jack and Jill. You've gone up the hill. You've fetched your pails of water. Now it's time to tumble down that hill. You have the next 30 seconds to give us a convincing tumble. As I'm sure you've figured out by now, we'll be convinced by the highest increase in pulse rate.

Half man. Half machine. All hero.
You are a cyborg, half man half machine, from the year 2222. You have come back in time to save your opponent. The only way you can do this is by raising their heart rate 10 beats. You have 30 seconds to convince them in your robot voice to increase their pulse. Otherwise, as has been seen in so many action movies, the future will be lost.

Nose Hockey
Take this card and place it flat on the table in front of you. Now with only your nose push this card around on the table for the next 45 seconds and then "shoot" it into your opponent's lap. If you can increase your pulse 15 beats and score a "goal" you win.

Seal the Deal
Seals are some of the most dexterous creatures on earth. They can be trained to balance balls on their nose for incredibly long lengths of time and even pass the balls back and forth to one another. Draw an extra card. Don't read it, just use it as a prop for this challenge. Both you and your opponent must compete for "Show Seal of the Year." both of you must balance one of the cards on your nose, while keeping your flipper on the pulse monitor. Whoever can keep the card on their nose and their pulse under control the longest wins the challenge and all the raw fish they can stomach.

100.Doctor
It's time to play doctor(the PG version) with your opponent. Inspect every inch of your opponent. Leave no nostril unexamined, no ear unprobed. See if they have any heart abnormalities by forcing their heart rate up 10 beats in 30 seconds. Once you are finished give them a huge bill and don't file it with their insurance company so they have to declare bankruptcy and eat their children.

Dueling Bellows
Place this card on the table in between you and your opponent. Take your pulses and keep your hands on the sensors. When the buzzer sounds try to blow the card into your opponent's lap. Whoever has their pulse increase 10 beats first or gets a card in their lap loses.

Vintage Challenge
You are a vintner, a maker and seller of wine. Your wine is famous for it's ancient roots. You use only the finest grapes, which are crushed in huge buckets by dozens of barefooted workers. After generations of trial and error you have found that your wine has the best flavor at about 20 beats over baseline over 30 seconds. We'd love a taste of your perfect wine. Sadly your grape crushers have taken the day off. Take off your shoes and get ready because the responsibility falls to you.
 
Hopalong Bandits
Although in the United States kangaroos are widely viewed as cute cuddly creatures from the land down under, in Australia kangaroos are so prevalent and enormous that they routinely tear through villages in such numbers that they lay complete waste to widespread areas of housing and property. You are a member of one of these kangaroo hordes. For the next 30 seconds hop around the room, stirring up trouble and raising your pulse 20 beats.

Alpaca Goats
Global trade is a strange thing. Increased demand for cheap cashmere has caused a worldwide boom in alpaca farming. Renowned for their beautiful coats alpacas also bring along an unexpected problem. Their sharp pointy feet, unlike the flat foot of a sheep or a cow, crush and destroy grassland. This causes huge dust storms and affects the air quality of cities many miles away. You are an alpaca goat and you're tired of just giving beautiful sweaters away for nothing. Over the next thirty seconds stamp up a dust storm worthy of 20 beats above baseline.

Alligator Pursuer
You are the world famous Alligator Pursuer. By a horribly twisted form of logic you promote conservation by traveling around the globe and wrestling alligators. Take the next 30 seconds to wrestle an unsuspecting alligator to submission and in doing so push your pulse 15 beats above baseline.

Sumo
Sumo wrestling is an ancient and wonderful sport. As a ritual spawned from the Shinto religion before every match salt is thrown in the ring to ward off bad spirits. You and your opponent are two great for sumo wrestler. Choose your sumo name, take your baselines, and square off belly to belly in the center of the room. For the next 30 seconds push each other around the room using only your bellies. Whoever pushes harder and drives their pulse further wins and gets to eat a whole ham.

Ouch!
Electroshock therapy has been used for decades in order to treat various forms of mental illness. Although earlier methods of this treatment are shockingly inhumane, new  more controlled practices of this treatment have been shown to have dramatic success in severe brain disorders such as schizophrenia and epilepsy. Your opponent has a mental disorder characterized by not having their pulse high enough. Luckily the tips of your fingers are electrodes. Over the next 30 seconds find the right spot on your opponent to shock into recovery, 10 beats above baseline.

Fire Safety 101
As a result of a freak accident involving a light socket and a paper clip you have set yourself on fire. But let's not live in the past. What's important is what you do now. Stop, drop, and roll for the next thirty seconds. Do it with enough vigor to put out those flames and raise your pulse 15 beats.

Air it out
The truth is that rock music isn't made. It's earned. It's time to put those bloody fingers, that hideous makeup, and that ridiculous codpiece to good use. Pull out your axe, your air guitar and for the next 30 seconds brutalize a solo that will make your fans cheer, their parents faint, and your heart rate increase 30 beats.

Baby Alien on Board
An alien has infiltrated your ship and laid it's young... in your belly! Try to warn your opponent. Put one arm in your shirt and have the alien struggle to get out of your belly while you tell your opponent to flee! You have thirty seconds before the alien comes bursting forth to raise your opponent's heart rate 10 beats and convince them to save themselves.

Shout, Shout. Let it all out
Many psychologists suggest "primal screaming" as a way to reduce stress. It's time for you to get primal. Let out one loud scream, then take your baseline. After this catharsis you should be able to sit down and over the next 45 seconds have your pulse drop 15 beats.

Sea otter on it's back floating around
Sea otters spend most of their days floating on their backs in the most frigid waters imaginable crushing and anemones on their cute little bellies. The reason they are able to stand such bitter cold is that their hair is so dense that the amount of hair under one penny is more than all of the hair on a human body. This amazing coat coupled with their natural oils completely waterproofs these cuddly little ocean-goers. Try your luck as a sea otter. Over the next 30 seconds scoot around the room on your back crushing anemones on your chest, looking just adorable, and raising your pulse 15 beats.

Uhh... Some Help Here
Turtles have a peculiar weakness. If they get turned over onto their backs they cannot right themselves. They must flail around and attract attention to themselves in the hopes that something will come over and in the course of inspecting them, turn them over. You are a poor turtle on your back. Flail around for the next 30 seconds. If you can make a display that moves your pulse 20 beats above baseline we're confident someone will save you.

Zero Yard Dash
Some people want to be professional athletes. Some people, like you, set their sights even higher. They compete for the chance to win this Pulse card. There are no 20, 40, or 100 meter dashes. We're beyond that. Prepare yourself for the greatest challenge of all, the zero yard dash. Yeah, basically just run in place for the next 30 seconds and raise your pulse 20 beats.

Now Presenting... Where is He?
Houdini was and is the most famous escape artist of all time. He would have himself chained, imprisoned in a lockbox, and thrown into a freezing river just to prove his mastery. Like all great escape artists Houdini had a method for conserving air. He found that if he calmed himself and paced his breathing his heart rate would slow and his body would use much less oxygen. The oxygen in this room is all that is left. Pace your breathing slow your heartbeat 10 beats in 30 seconds and stay alive until you can pull a Houdini and escape.

116.Shut Up You Face!
The mob has found that there is one tried and true method to getting results. Make threats and then carry those threats out. Using your best mobster voice convince your opponent that it is in the best interest of all their fingers and toes to increase their pulse 10 beats over the next 30 seconds. Kapish?

Something's Fishy About This Card
Fish are cold blooded animals. This means that they have no built in form of temperature regulation. Therefore in order to stay warm fish must constantly swim around. You are a fish and your hands are your gills. Swim furiously around the room over the next 30 seconds in order to raise your pulse 15 beats and keep from freezing.

No Man Left Behind
You are a pilot on a secret mission and you have crashed behind enemy lines. Now you spend your days collecting dew to drink, eating only the grossest of insects, and of course trying to get rescued. Since they can't risk radio contact your allies have only one option. They must spot you using an infrared camera. Increase your chances of being found by increasing your body temperature. Increase your body temperature by increasing you pulse. Do whatever you can to raise your pulse 30 beats in the next 30 seconds. Your hopes of being found and ever eating anything tasty again depend on it.

Caffcaffcaffinated
Caffeine is a legal addictive stimulant that substantially increases heart rate. You have just been to Jumpin' Joe's Java and have slammed down a quadruple espresso. Remain seated during this challenge. Take your baseline and then over then next 45 seconds jolt, shake, and jitter your pulse to 15 beats above baseline.

120.Feeling Hot, Hot, Hot!
It is widely known that many animals hibernate to conserve energy during the winter. What is not widely known is that some animals, such as ground squirrels, also enter a state of dormancy during the hottest of summer months. This phenomenon is known as estivation. You are a tropical ground squirrel, and it has gotten too sweltering for you to safely go out and look for food. It's time to find a place to chill until things cool off. Shut your eyes, relax, and over the next 45 seconds rest your little squirrel heart about 10 beats below baseline.
